What total annihilation?
Although the evidence found after the army was useless
But you were focused on dealing with big brother
But gave him the troops
Isn't this asking the mouse to open the granary?
No metaphors, no metaphors
So what about you?
Now even professional is not my match
Even the Xuanbing Sword will be cut to pieces
I have the same strength to get rid of you
This is why you are fighting
Between the Temples
Not bad, what will you use against me when the magic weapon is broken?
I said it when I taught you Wuyi
Don't rely too much on the power of the sword
Hahahahaha
What a shame
Do you know why I sealed the knife before?
Because the highest state of martial arts
Never a weapon
But people don't
That's not possible.
If it weren't for you to tell the truth with your own mouth
I already took your life
Brother, this is the medicine you asked me to find
This is the Life Creation Pill of Longhu Mountain
Flesh and bones of the living dead
Treat Miss Minjin's Legs
It's hard work to ensure that the medicine will cure the disease.
I also invite you to lurk during this time
He works hard, don't I work hard?
You worked so hard
Lie down on the ground and pretend to be injured
I'm playing Infernal Affairs
Big brother should care about me too
Should be shit
I'm also running around, okay?
Say one more word.
Be careful, I really beat you into a pig, don't make a fuss
Stop for a while